Md fixes (#47)
apache/accumulo-examples: docs/deleteKeyValuePair.md

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

> # Apache Accumulo Key-Value Pair Removal Example

Reviewer: If this is a new file may want to add a link from the top level README.md

> This is an example of how to remove a key-value pair

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how Accumulo internals handle removing a key-value pair.
```

    	Last key               : 567890 name:last [] 1555418063052 false
    	Num entries            : 3
    	Column families        : [address, name]
    
    Meta block     : BCFile.index
          Raw size             : 4 bytes
          Compressed size      : 12 bytes
          Compression type     : gz
    
    Meta block     : RFile.index
          Raw size             : 141 bytes
          Compressed size      : 97 bytes
          Compression type     : gz    
    567890 address:city [] 1555418057811 false -> Columbia
    567890 name:first [] 1555418067848 false -> Joe
    567890 name:last [] 1555418063052 false -> Smith
    
Delete a key-value pair and view a newly created RFile to verify the deletion flag is true.
    
    $ /path/to/accumulo shell -u username -p secret
    username@instance> table deleteKeyValuePair
    username@instance deleteKeyValuePair> delete 567890 name first
    username@instance deleteKeyValuePair> flush -w
    username@instance deleteKeyValuePair> scan -t accumulo.metadata -c file -r 1t<
    1t< file:hdfs://localhost:8020/accumulo/tables/1t/default_tablet/F00007em.rf
    1t< file:hdfs://localhost:8020/accumulo/tables/1t/default_tablet/F00007fq.rf

>     $ /path/to/accumulo rfile-info -d hdfs://localhost/accumulo/tables/1t/default_tablet/F00007fq.rf

Reviewer: A separate markdown code block here would be nice.

Author: Updated top level README.md and deleteKeyValuePair.md have been checked in under PR #46.

    	Num entries            : 1
    	Column families        : [name]
    
    Meta block     : BCFile.index
          Raw size             : 4 bytes
          Compressed size      : 12 bytes
          Compression type     : gz
    
    Meta block     : RFile.index
          Raw size             : 121 bytes
          Compressed size      : 68 bytes
          Compression type     : gz
    
    567890 name:first [] 1555419184531 true ->
    
Compact the RFiles and verify the key-value pair was removed.  The new RFile will start with 'A'.

    $ /path/to/accumulo shell -u username -p secret
    username@instance deleteKeyValuePair> compact -t deleteKeyValuePair -w
    2019-04-17 08:17:15,468 [shell.Shell] INFO : Compacting table ...
    2019-04-17 08:17:16,143 [shell.Shell] INFO : Compaction of table deleteKeyValuePair completed for given range
    username@instance deleteKeyValuePair> flush -t deleteKeyValuePair -w
    INFO : Flush of table deleteKeyValuePair completed.
    username@instance deleteKeyValuePair> scan -t accumulo.metadata -c file -r 1t<
    lt< file:hdfs://localhost:8020/accumulo/tables/1t/default_tablet/A00007g1.rf

>         

Reviewer: Not sure how to do it, but it would be nice if this were a separate code block. This would separate Accumulo shell from bash commands.  Maybe adding an empty line in between that does not have the 4 spaces indent will do the trick.
